Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
POLICE
Why do we have so many security measures
for this idiot?
They say he's damned.
The accursed priest.
Bless me.
Bless me really hard. Father.
Make me a son. A new son.
The old one is downstairs.
Did you think you saved him?
My son is waiting for you.
with his blown-up head.
Not in heaven...
but in hell. where you sent him.
Does that make you happy?
FRIDAY
Yes?
Hello.
How did you find this number?
No. I'm fine. Relax.
I've been busy.
Yes. I was getting things in order.
you know?
Fixing my house.
I know I should've told you before. but...
I needed time to clear things up.
Of course I'm upset. In fact.
we shouldn't be speaking right now.
Yes. it's been hard.
You're one of the few that still worries
about me since I got out.
SPANISH PRIEST
FOUND GUILTY OF MURDER
I know you don't like me saying this.
but it's the truth.
Lying is a sin.
You know me better than anyone else.
No. I left that behind.
I only smoke now.
I have to go.
Yes. I'll call you. I promise.
Hurry up. you pansy.
Come on. open the door. Menéndez.
"You shall not close the door
to a true friend.
not when all he brings
is kindness inside."
It was something like that.
You taught that to me.
You just made that up. Sebas.
What's happening. man?
Come here. hairy beast.
Well. well. look at this.
I like it.
It has a certain style.
I don't know what to call it. It's...
spacious.
You're not pulling one on me. Sebas.
What do you want?
Nothing.
I just came to visit an old friend.
Am I not allowed to do that. Father?
Don't call me that.
You know that I'm...
I'm not...
Stop it with that bullshit.
You're who you are. That'll never change.
What do you want?
You know...
one thing I learned in life is that one
should have a radar to detect danger.
If you don't pay attention.
some asshole could slit your throat.
In a split second.
you're dead. asshole.
I always believed
I had a sixth sense for that.
But once I met you. I realized my talent
was nothing compared to yours.
You can detect evil. I've seen it.
At the fifth gallery.
The way you treated people.
The way you calmed them down.
you gave them peace.
That's why you won our respect.
The respect of tough people.
people that don't put up with anything.
And look at what it did.
I was the biggest son of a bitch
you could've ever met.
I've done so many things...
terrible. shitty things...
Calm down. Sebastián. calm down.
Tell me.
I didn't see this coming.
I didn't see it coming. shit.
You know about regret.
You know the meaning of forgiveness.
Remember what you said to me.
about what you did before going in?
Why did they pick you?
To help the weak.
the lost ones.
Those that let Satan dry their souls
and rot their hearts.
Sebas. stop.
What's going on?
Are you using again?
I wish. I...
I need your help now.
I really need your help.
It would be fine
if they did anything to me.
Open me up completely.
eviscerate me. step on my head.
even cut my balls off.
But not this. Not this. fuck.
Not this. No one should touch my baby.
And that thing isn't my daughter anymore.
No. no. What are you saying?
My daughter has it inside.
She has the goddamn horned devil
inside her body.
What are you saying. you sinner?
Please. help me. I'm begging you.
You have to get it out.
You're the only one who can.
Please. don't do it for me.
I'm just a piece of shit.
But her...
None of this is her fault.
I tried everything.
Mental hospitals. doctors.
You do know my methods
are very particular. right?
Yes.
And knowing that this situation
could get violent...
are you still willing
to go through with it?
I'd rather see my daughter die
and go to heaven with the Lord
than for her to be alive with Satan.
Sebas. it could be many other things.
She could be going through a bad phase.
or have bad influences in her life.
My daughter is possessed.
Please. do you think I'm stupid?
I bought her a cat. A Persian cat.
That cat was very fucking expensive.
They became inseparable.
They were always together.
One day. the cat disappeared.
I found its body buried in the garden.
Beheaded.
My daughter acted as if nothing happened.
A few days later. I found the head
under her bed. in a shoe box.
I have no doubt that she did it.
When I saw her...
it wasn't her.
I saw the Devil himself.
Those eyes.
I'll never forget those eyes.
Bring her to me tomorrow.
HORNY GIRLS
LOADING... WAIT A MOMENT
I'm not buying anything.
Get out of here!
It's me. Father. Marisa.
Of course.
Marisa. of course.
How stupid of me.
It's Friday.
I know it's Friday.
That's why I'm here.
I forgot about it.
I don't even know what day it is. Marisa.
You should go out more. Father.
It's not right for you
to always be locked in here.
How are you?
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
Before I forget. Father.
Lola and Martín say "hi."
From the store.
They're wondering when you'll come by.
They really want to see you.
Leave it. It's not necessary.
-But. Father--
-I've told you a million times.
It's not necessary for you to keep coming.
I'm grateful. but it's not necessary.
But it pains me to see you this way.
You have no idea how much it does.
And I just want to be alone.
I'm fine. don't worry.
I'm fine.
You don't owe me anything.
I owe you my life.
You saved me.
Maybe.
But at what cost?
I don't know if it was worth it.
Never doubt that. Father.
Just look around you.
Surely you know there's a God.
Look into my eyes.
He's in there.
In my mouth.
In my heart.
In your mouth.
What time is it?
I have so much left to do.
But I'll come back to do the dishes.
I have no problem doing them. Father.
Don't worry about it.
When I need you. I'll call you.
But you shouldn't live like this.
Why don't you move
to the guest house?
You'd have clean clothes.
Warm food.
And I...
I'd take care of you. Father.
You again?
What do you want?
Are you really asking me that?
I don't know.
Ask her yourself. Ask Marisa.
Or what?
Don't you think I know you send her
every Friday? I'm not stupid.
You know what?
I lied to you before.
Of course I drink. Of course I do.
It's the only thing that keeps me here.
that allows me to put up with myself.
That's why I don't call you
or invite you to my house.
And I want to apologize.
Protection?
SATURDAY
E. MENÉNDEZ. THE PRIEST:
VICTIM AND EXECUTIONER
He's with the Lord now.
I know we belong to you.
But he was too young.
Who is it?
Good afternoon. Father.
What did I tell you yesterday?
Good afternoon. Menéndez.
Lower the volume.
You're going to end up deaf.
Look. honey. he's Mr. Menéndez.
The friend I told you about.
Pay no mind to her.
You know how young people are nowadays.
Shit! I almost died.
You see. honey? You'll be fine here.
Poor thing.
I don't even get mad at her anymore.
We've had to go to so many places.
that she's probably tired of it by now.
And I feel the same way.
She seems to be fine right now.
But I guess I don't have to tell you that.
Sebas.
I'm sorry to make you come here
and waste your time...
but I don't think I can.
-What are you saying?
-I don't feel ready.
What are you saying?
For fuck's sake.
don't give me that bullshit now.
Can't you see? This is crazy!
What's crazy is what's happening
to my daughter.
You promised me yesterday.
Right here. Or am I lying?
No. you're not lying.
But I wasn't myself yesterday.
I was a little drunk.
-What are you doing. Sebastián?
-This needs to end now.
You have no right. none!
Have I ever asked you
to start doing drugs again?
No. this isn't that simple. my friend.
Don't you get it? The things I'll have
to do to your daughter will destroy me!
Maybe I should slit my own throat
with that knife and not do it.
And I don't mean that to be pitiful.
Fine.
I'll see what I can do.
But get up. come on.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
I'm leaving. honey.
Behave.
Your father is a good man.
-He really loves you.
-He's crazy.
But he says I'm the crazy one.
But whatever.
As long as I don't have
to keep listening to him.
Here I am.
That's right.
Here we are.
Yes.
Well...
Shall I show you around?
So you can start familiarizing yourself.
I guess.
The living room is here.
and the kitchen is that way.
Follow me.
I'll show you to your room.
Look.
This is your room.
The bathroom's right there.
I'll leave you to it.
Make yourself at home.
I'll be downstairs in the living room.
So now what?
Am I supposed to vomit bile?
Shit.
What's up. girl?
Are you guys there?
Well...
No. I just got here.
But...
I saw there's a subway station nearby.
so I'll be there in an hour.
Of course I'll be there.
You think I'd stay in some priest's house?
Fuck. no.
Yes. but they had fought
and needed to be alone. so...
I said yes.
Then maybe they'll reconcile or something.
Hey.
I have to go.
See you soon.
Yes.
What's wrong?
In the-- in the closet.
Someone was watching me.
Shit.
Open this door!
Open the door!
It was you. wasn't it? You old pig!
Open the door. or I'll start screaming
that you're raping me!
I have no neighbors.
Who else would live around here?
I said open the fucking door.
You fucking pedophile. Open it now!
You're holding it...
the wrong way.
I was just about to wake you up.
Here.
I know that this...
can't be easy for you.
Being here. with a complete stranger.
But you must trust your father.
He's doing it for your own good.
To be honest. I...
I also wasn't very convinced
to begin with.
But you know him.
He's very persuasive.
You must know better than anyone.
He won't stop.
Until we take out the Devil
from inside you. shit!
Is it hot?
The tea.
Yes.
A little.
But I like it like this.
It was an eventful morning.
You'll see. this will be over soon.
I imagine you already had plans for today.
Right?
Of course.
Were you going out with friends?
Were you spying on me?
So what?
Aren't you going to tell me
where you and your friends were going?
This guy is so intense.
Your dad said you've been going out a lot
these past few months.
My father can go screw himself.
My dad. my dad.
He keeps insisting that I'm acting weird.
He keeps telling that to everyone. Fuck...
I'm a teenager.
It's normal for us to be weird. Right?
A very foul-mouthed teenager. for sure.
Go fuck yourself. you son of a bitch.
Idiot. asshole. stupid. moron.
I don't do drugs.
I don't even steal candy
at the store. Okay?
I have a dancing group with my friends.
We want to be in a talent show on TV.
With the money I was going to make there.
I was going to leave my house.
-Is that so strange?
-No.
It's not strange.
In fact. we just finished a dance.
It's amazing.
Can I show you?
-Yes. I'd like to see it.
-Yes?
You dirty old man.
You think I'd start dancing here.
in front of a priest?
Knowing your shady reputation?
Fuck. no.
We'd have to know each other first.
You want to know me...
Father?
You're evil incarnate.
You're so direct.
Did you undress me?
Did you see me naked. Father?
I have to pee.
Careful with the handle. it's broken.
This dude is so strange.
This man is so crazy.
Occupied!
Wait!
Menéndez!
Did you call me?
Yes. what are you doing?
Nothing. I'm down here. What's going on?
Nothing!
Nothing.
Fuck. maybe my dad is right
and I am crazy.
One of the beams is loose.
It won't tighten up.
no matter how much I try.
But I'll fix it right away.
Wait for me downstairs.
I'll be right there.
Don't worry. I didn't...
I just peed.
Why does your father think
you're possessed?
He told me about your cat.
among other things.
My cat disappeared. That's it.
I don't know what he told you.
but don't believe everything he says.
Or what?
Do you really think I'm possessed?
I know you feel it. Raquel.
That strength.
The inertia to disregard everything
and question everything.
To laugh about everything
and look down at everything.
You're young. Raquel. That's not bad.
It's not a sin.
Priests are so funny.
Free will doesn't exist.
He knows everything you'll do.
everything you'll think. before you do.
But you shouldn't fear.
To love someone that understands you
just the way you are...
Isn't it wonderful to have that trust?
Don't lecture me.
I'm not lecturing. I'm just speaking.
You're weird.
The way you speak.
Living alone in this house.
I don't know.
It's strange.
I haven't always lived here.
-Before...
-Before?
Before going to jail?
I don't know what you did
to end up there...
but my dad always speaks highly of you.
Even though he hates priests.
At his core. your father is a good person.
It's there. even if he doesn't show it.
He's suffered a lot.
My father's an idiot.
Don't speak ill of your father.
Never.
Your father has made mistakes
many times.
but he's trying to make amends.
He's trying to help you.
so you won't suffer.
As I was saying.
I haven't always lived here.
I used to work and travel a lot.
I knew a lot of people. but...
but those days are over.
A girl?
Yes?
Of course.
I've known many women.
And many men.
That's not what I'm talking about.
I know that.
You want to know if I had a girlfriend.
Well. yes.
Those who are like you...
can you?
I met a girl once.
like the ones you're mentioning.
Shit. that's rough.
But nothing happened between us.
Although I did love her.
In fact...
it made me question my career choice.
I was about to...
but I didn't.
So you and her never...
you know...
Our relationship was different.
By then. I had realized
that I had a different way
of connecting with people.
I realized there are things
that aren't meant for me.
That's shitty.
Maybe.
Has it ever happened to you?
Something you couldn't explain.
Something that makes you
question everything.
When everything becomes dark...
and you pick the wrong path.
You can tell me.
It'll stay between us.
Tell me. Raquel.
I will understand.
I also met someone.
He was older than me.
He didn't go to my school.
Javi invited me to a party.
But my dad won't let me go
to those things.
So I...
lied to my father and went anyway.
But it wasn't a real party.
Javi was there...
with his friends.
And a few women.
Watching me.
Everyone was making fun of me.
But I don't know...
I don't know...
I didn't want them to think
I was just a little girl.
I can't remember everything.
I'm sorry.
Let me show you my dance.
Don't worry. I know it by memory.
Besides. I can hear it.
Let's go!
Let's go to bed.
Please.
Please. let me go.
I didn't do anything.
Let me go. please.
I swear... I swear...
I didn't do anything. I swear.
Call my dad.
Call my dad. please.
Please.
I won't say anything. I swear.
Please. let me go.
Let me go. please.
Let me go. I swear. I won't tell anyone.
I swear.
Please.
The day of the Lord.
SUNDAY
This is where we find ourselves.
You and me.
Alone.
I want to show you something.
Look.
I've had to do it quickly. but...
my work was well worth it. right?
What are you going to do with it?
I'd rather not use it. but...
I don't think I'll be that fortunate.
You see...
my working methods are very rough.
I've been fighting evil for years.
The most efficient.
fastest way of completing my task.
is this one.
Believe me when I say it.
I don't like it at all. but...
not all jobs are pleasant. right?
So let's do it the easy way.
I won't ask for your name.
or what you want.
Just go away.
Leave. and leave this body alone.
Otherwise.
you'll have to feel true pain.
And when you want to leave.
you won't be able to.
And you'll beg me to kill you.
And I will.
-I'm afraid.
-No.
You're not afraid.
You're fear itself.
You're evil incarnate.
You're crazy.
You're fucking crazy.
Get me out of here.
I don't like being played with.
Abandon this girl's body.
I don't like to repeat myself.
Leave this girl's body.
I'm telling you again.
Abandon Raquel's body!
Go fuck yourself. you crazy asshole!
Did you think it was just for show?
Doing something just for show is lying.
and lying is a sin.
A sin!
What now? What?
Shall we go on?
Or are you leaving?
It's decided. then.
Yes. relax. she's here.
But...
I'll need you to come over and help me.
I'm sorry for calling so late.
but I had to call you.
I already started.
There's no doubt about it.
It's a possession. And a strong one.
But Sebastián can take it.
He needs his most loved person near me.
That's the method.
It's time to do something good. right?
Thank you for listening.
Hearing your voice...
gives me encouragement.
Where is she? Where?
Where's my daughter?
-I have her downstairs.
-Downstairs.
Good.
How is she?
Calm down.
What's that awful smell? It's bad. right?
Yes. I've been using a special incense.
Shit. I'm going to vomit. It's disgusting.
The whole house stinks.
Your daughter hasn't noticed it.
That's the first symptom.
I gave her rotten meat. and she ate it
without a problem. Second symptom.
You're right. medicine won't be able
to cure your daughter.
I analyzed her completely.
and on the surface.
she seems to be okay.
But it's all a facade.
This afternoon she took a nap
and was speaking in a strange language.
Her body is hiding blisters and marks
with very specific patterns.
Those are her third and fourth symptoms
of possession.
And I didn't even mention the urine.
her fifth symptom. Want me to go on?
I've seen it before.
She isn't your daughter anymore.
She's a carcass that houses the Devil.
and he won't let go so easily.
You took pictures of my daughter.
Naked.
I'm going to need your help. Sebastián.
and it won't be easy.
You won't like what you see down there.
but you have to think that the person
down there isn't your daughter.
-Fine.
-It's of the utmost importance.
It's the key to make sure this goes well.
What do you want me to do?
What we're going to do is an aggression
against all the rules.
A few sermons.
and more divine intervention.
The devil will feel so much pain.
that he'll abandon Raquel's body.
When he does that. he'll be weak enough
for us to destroy him.
But the damage we do to her body.
won't she suffer later for it?
There's a hospital nearby.
We're going to need this.
Put this on.
I'm going to highlight some paragraphs.
You'll have to read them.
Shouldn't you be doing that?
I'm not a priest.
Priest or not. it doesn't matter.
You're a Christian. right?
-Well. yes.
-Good.
I'm highlighting the parts
you have to read.
I'll be busy punishing Satan.
Don't you have Post-Its?
What?
Post-It. something to mark the pages.
A bookmark.
Otherwise I'll get confused. How am I
supposed to find these? It's a lot.
Forgive me. my Lord.
It's for a good cause.
Look.
You're going to start with this one.
then these.
and you'll finish with this one.
Reading this will drive the demon crazy.
That way. he won't be thinking clearly.
and that's what we want. my friend.
Do you have  the mask
or the balaclava I asked you to bring?
Since I left so quickly.
I only brought what I could find.
-And you didn't tell me what it was for.
-It's not for me. but for you.
You're using it to conceal your identity.
Remember when you pretended
to be an American in jail?
-Yes. I do.
-Great.
I need you to speak with that accent.
The less the Devil knows about you.
the better.
I'm going to fuck Satan.
Shit. I can't see a thing
with this mask on.
Silence.
My God. Father. I don't know
if I'll be able to do it.
Please.
Now. read.
Don't hurt me. please.
Please!
-"Under the protection of the Divine--"
-Accent.
American accent.
"Under the protection of the Divine.
I've given them the power
to walk over serpents.
to defeat the forces of the enemy."
You're my Lord. my refuge.
"You. that live protected by the Divine.
tell the Lord:
My refuge and my bastion. my God.
in whom I trust."
-Don't hurt me.
-You're my Lord. my refuge.
"He will free you from the nets
of the hunter and the pestilence.
You will not fear the terrors
of the night. or the arrow during the day.
or the pestilence that stalks
in the shadows."
-You're my Lord. my refuge.
-Don't hurt me. please.
"Even if a thousand fall to your left.
and ten thousand to your right.
you will not be touched:
his arm is a shield and armor."
-Please!
-You're my Lord. my refuge.
"No evil will reach you.
because you made the Lord your refuge
and the Divine is your defense."
You're my Lord. my refuge.
"They will take you in their hands.
so you never trip on any rock;
you will walk over lions and serpents."
You're my Lord. my refuge.
"He gave himself to me.
for that. I will glorify him.
I will protect him.
because he knows my name.
he will call for me. and I will answer.
I will be with him during dangers.
I will defend him and glorify him."
Abandon Raquel's body.
"He will enjoy a long life
and he will see my salvation."
You are my Lord. my refuge.
"Glory be to the Father. and to the Son.
and to the Holy Spirit;
as it was in the beginning.
is now. and will be forever. Amen."
You are my Lord. my refuge.
This one is done. Shall I continue?
No. wait.
I think our friend wants to say something.
Stop. please.
Help me.
Talk to me. and only to me.
You're crazy.
Don't hit me anymore. please.
Are you going to abandon this body
that isn't yours?
How am I supposed to do that?
Read.
"In the beginning was the Word.
and the Word was with God.
and the Word was God.
The same was in the beginning with God.
All things came into being through him.
and without him
not one thing came into being.
What has come into being in him was life.
and the life
was the light of all people..."
-Son of a fucking bitch!
-"The light shines in the darkness."
-Get me out!
-"He himself was not the light.
but he came to testify to the light.
The true light.
which enlightens everyone.
was coming into the world."
-Continue reading. please.
-But Father. my daughter.
"...as of a father’s only son.
full of grace and truth."
If I tell you to read. you read.
Understood?
-Yes. but--
-No buts!
I told you before.
She's not your daughter anymore.
Are you sure? How can you be so sure?
What if she's my daughter
and you're mutilating her with my help?
Do you see the drawings on the floor?
Under Raquel? Do you see them?
Those keep the Devil active.
never passive.
Your daughter isn't there. believe me.
Okay. okay.
But Father. please. take it easy on her.
What are you doing?
Listen to me.
If you don't do as I say. he will take
full possession of your daughter.
He will devour her soul
the moment he gets the chance.
he will inject his poison
and spread it throughout your body.
You. You already smell like him.
I noticed it yesterday when you came.
He won't leave until we end him.
And I know how to do it.
Believe me. it's my curse.
Listen well. Sebas.
Our souls are at stake.
And you won't know what you have
until you lose it.
Dad?
I knew it was you.
Dad...
Let's go.
I'm sorry. sweetie.
You don't need this anymore.
She knows who you are.
Read this here.
What are you going to do?
Leave. and I'll stop.
"Thy will be done. Lord. over us.
the way everyone expects you to."
Lord. have mercy.
My daughter. for fuck's...
"Send your Holy Spirit..." Shit!
"And things will be created.
and you'll renovate the earth."
Lord. have mercy.
Abandon this body.
servant of the Devil.
My daughter. "And in my poor soul.
there will be nothing more."
Lord. have mercy!
For fuck's sake!
This isn't right!
This isn't right. you son of a bitch!
You're killing my baby!
And I was helping you do it.
you son of a bitch!
This is all a bunch of bullshit!
This is fucked!
I'm sorry. sweetie.
-I'm sorry. please.
-Take me.
I'm sorry. honey.
The eyes.
Those eyes.
Thank you. Daddy.
Do you like beating up girls?
Menéndez.
Protection. my Lord. protection!
You're sick!
I like it.
Do you like my body?
So delicious.
Please.
Officer...
They're torturing me.
And raping me.
Please. come. right away.
I have to go.
Please. hurry.
Good morning. Father.
How did you sleep?
You snore like a pig!
It's been a very eventful day.
We should...
try to relax. don't you think?
I know you're dying to do it.
Tell me. Menéndez.
Do you want to play?
I've given myself to the Lord.
he knows temptation has no power over me.
The Lord is omnipresent.
You're impotent.
I must admit that you surprised me.
You haven't caved in yet.
I always knew it was you.
Congratulations. really!
I thought that after so many years.
you'd be rusty.
But you aren't.
Tell me.
How's Marisa?
Her son...
is suffering a lot with us.
In hell.
Her son is in heaven with the Lord!
For fuck's sake!
Hi. Daddy.
Now I remember. you like to watch.
I'll put on a show.
What are you doing?
Stop. please.
Oh. for crying out loud. no.
No. No.
Concentrate.
You can do it. Sebas. concentrate.
Concentrate. Sebas. you can do it.
Concentrate.
What do I do?
Stop. please! No. this is my daughter!
-My daughter is blowing me!
-Be strong. Sebastián!
Dad.
This is starting to get interesting.
I do practice what I preach.
unlike your God.
You're really going to like this.
You shouldn't do these things!
Stop. for fuck's sake! Please. stop!
Kill me! Kill me. don't do this to me!
I'm serious. Kill me.
It seems they don't teach you
how to tie knots in hell!
Shut up. you fucking priest!
Daddy.
Daddy. this man is doing things
to my flower.
But don't get jealous. Daddy.
You did it much better.
The wolf had five little wolves.
Five little wolves behind the broom.
Five she raised.
and five she gave birth to.
and to the five she gave milk--
That's what extinguishers are for. bitch!
You shall not kill.
That thing isn't my daughter.
If you do it. you'll never get her back.
Fuck.
My daughter.
Help me.
We'll tie up Raquel with this
and expel the demon.
This is fucking heavy.
Isn't a rope enough?
These chains are from the Inquisition.
They were used for ancestral exorcisms.
They possess all the suffering
of all those possessed souls.
It will torment the demon
while we finish.
Scream now. goddamn demon!
What's this?
This will keep it in place
when he leaves your daughter.
I want to finish him.
"God. creator and defender
of the human race--"
Not with that accent.
It knows who you are.
"God. creator and defender
of the human race.
look upon your servant.
Raquel Montoya.
you created her in your image
and called her to be a part of your glory.
The adversary torments her cruelly.
oppresses her with violent force.
and troubles her with cruel terror.
Listen. Heavenly Father.
to the cries of your pleading church.
do not allow your servant
to be possessed by the father of lies.
Listen. merciful God.
to the prayer of the blessed Virgin Mary.
whose Son.
dying on the Cross.
crushed the head of the old serpent.
and entrusted all men to the Mother
as her children.
Let the light of the truth
shine over this servant of yours."
"God of everything good.
stop this diabolical action decisively.
Lord of freedom and grace.
untie the knots of perversion.
Repel. O Lord. the Devil's power.
break asunder his snares and traps.
put the unholy tempter to flight.
Let your servant be protected
in mind and body.
so that this servant may sincerely
and steadfastly
render you the service which is your due.
through Christ. our Lord."
Amen.
Pick up your daughter
and take her upstairs.
Free Raquel. Sebastián.
I should congratulate you. Menéndez.
What are you playing at?
You lost your faith a long time ago.
My faith is intact
and stronger than ever.
I believe in the Lord and all his glory.
Do you believe you saved Raquel?
I believe in Christ's strength.
and I believe in you. fallen angel.
You're flesh of his flesh.
blood of his blood. like everyone.
We all owe ourselves to Him.
without exception.
You did not save my son.
He suffered in life.
and now he suffers in hell.
You should've spent more time in jail.
Did you like hurting him?
Did you get excited?
I order you to materialize.
I tie you to the terrestrial plane.
Suffer the consequences
in your corrupt. evil soul.
Did it excite you to hit my daughter?
You're a pervert.
No one should trust you.
In the name of the Father.
I ask that your sins
solidify in haggard flesh.
By the Grace of God.
let your heart pump the blood
that you stole from the souls
you tormented!
You're sick.
I tie you to this world.
so you can pay for all your sins!
Do you like what you see. Menéndez?
Repent and die.
Son of sin!
You must go.
Come. I'll take you to the hospital.
No.
No hospital for me.
Hurry. Sebas.
The cops are about to get here.
Don't be stupid.
I can take you too.
I can hide you. They won't find you.
Sebastián.
Please leave.
Thank you.
It's done.
One demon less.
Thanks to you. as always.
You should've seen it.
It begged before dying.
The girl survived.
She's on her way to the hospital.
I'm fine.
I'm at peace.
I hope that little corner in you Kingdom
is still waiting for me.
like you promised.
Yes.
Forever and ever.